include drivers/gpio/Makefile
include drivers/mtd/onenand/Makefile
include drivers/mtd/Makefile
include drivers/mtd/spi/Makefile
include drivers/mtd/ubi/Makefile
include drivers/mtd/nand/Makefile
include drivers/pci/Makefile
include drivers/pcmcia/Makefile
include drivers/fpga/Makefile
include drivers/hwmon/Makefile
include drivers/watchdog/Makefile
include drivers/serial/Makefile
include drivers/mmc/Makefile
include drivers/power/Makefile
include drivers/qe/Makefile
include drivers/spi/Makefile
include drivers/dma/Makefile
include drivers/video/Makefile
include drivers/rtc/Makefile
include drivers/misc/Makefile
include drivers/block/Makefile
include drivers/usb/musb/Makefile
include drivers/usb/host/Makefile
include drivers/usb/phy/Makefile
include drivers/usb/gadget/Makefile
include drivers/input/Makefile
include drivers/net/Makefile
include drivers/net/phy/Makefile
include drivers/i2c/Makefile
include drivers/twserial/Makefile

